Privacy Policy

Released on Sep 25, 2018

streamingnology inc, regard your information significant and release this Privacy Statement to inform you what information apps collect and how it will be used.

This Privacy Statement applies to the following Apps and their services:

- HTTP Server
- SnyMediaPlayer

This does not apply to the product or service that which does not link to this statement or has its privacy statement respectively.

1 - Collecting information

a. Personal Information.

I do not collect Personal Information. "Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, camera, microphone, GPS, or any information stored within your device.

b. Non-personal Information.

I do not collect your non-personal information when you are using the mentioned Apps or visiting my Website, including your device information, operation system, logs.

c. Information you provide.

I do not collect your information when you communicate with me.

How I Use Information

a. Personal Information.

I do not store Personal Information and therefore I do not disclose your Personal Information.

b. Non-Personal Information.

I do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your information. I do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).

Contact Me

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the mentioned Apps or the Website, please contact me at streamingnology@gmail.com

Changes

This Privacy Policy may change which will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy from time to time, I will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your could immediately stop all use of all the Services. Your continued use of the mentioned Apps following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.